Documented `isnull` filter expression in v2.1 Release Overview (#4971)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-2.1.md

### Added

> #### isnull Filter on Nullable Fields

Reviewer: Perhaps?

```suggestion
#### UI/API `isnull` Filter on Nullable Fields
```

in which case this would alphabetically belong at the end of the `Added` section rather than the beginning of it?

Author: I think the issue is ordered by their issue number perhaps? This issue is 1905 and should be in front

Reviewer: The previous minor versions' *release overviews* (not the summary release-notes for each patch) are ordered alphabetically.

> `<attr>__isnull` filter expression has been added to support filtering objects based on nullable model fields (i.e. model fields with `null=True`). Now users can obtain a filtered list of objects from the API with `<attr>__isnull=True/False`.

Reviewer: Perhaps?

```suggestion
Models with nullable fields (i.e. model fields with `null=True`) can now be filtered in the UI and the API with `<field>__isnull=true/false` filters. These filters are automatically added to all appropriate fields.
```
